All right.
So in convert string We are taking in two parameters.
One is a string and the second one is a string we're going to find out if we remove some letters.
If we could in fact get the second word.
So in this crazy string here loops and this crazy string here can we get code fights and it is in fact
true.
And then we do the same thing for this one and you'll see there's no d in our word here and this is
going to return false.
That's really it at the end of the day.
Some hints I use concat and split to solve this.
And it wasn't too bad to be honest with you I enjoyed it quite a bit.
Let's let's go ahead and get started.
All right.
When I saw convert's string was I created an empty word and I also kept track of the index.
Now the reason for that is our Krita index variable.
What we're going to do is we're going to iterate through our long word and then we're going to find
out just concat until that word matches.
And if it does so in our case we're going to return false if our check doesn't pass we're going to do
that like so and now we're going to create a variable here.
We'll call this last word equal and just for the empty string and then we're also going to have an index
value to keep track of all this as index to keep track of where we are.
Excuse me t index where we are in string t to know what letter we're checking for and then we're going
to take s we'll say it costs us what we want to call this
char's is equal to and this is a string array is equal to split.
And we're going to split them up on each character because that's what we're going to be checking against.
All right.
Very nice.
So now what we need to do is we need to iterate through all of our array like so.
So it is less than just live plus plus excellent.
So now that we're here all we need to do is see if the current value that we're checking of our of our
char array of II is equal to the current value of t of the word that we're in check index drink so t
index.
So if that's true
what we want to do.
Meaning that a C matches with a C and we're at that point.
What's that word equal the word doc and cat you two plus two equals.
I was just more or less trying to use some additional methods show that they exist but as of-I.
So we're going to say that is now equal there and now we're going to need to update the index just by
one because now we are saying OK cool we got like in this first and we got our C.
Now as you know we need to say next what we need to check is 0 and last but not least we're going to
do a simple check here.
If word is equal equal to T meaning we have our word return true.
Else return false.
Like so.
So let's just go over the logic again.
We are turning our our array of care or creating an array of characters based off the total available
letters.
We're keeping track of an index value or keeping track of a string.
We're then going to iterate through that array of characters and if it happens to match the letter that
we're currently on in our in our answer string t here we're going to go ahead and Concat that character
onto it.
Add 1 and if at any point our word ever equals our T.
We're going to return TRUE else if we go through this whole loop.
It doesn't have all the characters we need and thus is going to return false.